# Text-generator
Simple text generator that uses markov chains
# Brief decription
The program takes as an input a text file in ASCI. User must specify the length of a generated text and a filepath.
It's pretty fast. It can analyse 100k words and generate 300 word text in .1 second thanks to cpp map. I'm aware of the junk in the code and potential to optimisation. As I said earlier, its alpha.
# Examples

"The Hunger Games Headquarters, hopefully madly in my mouth something up my twenty different stations. Like the footsteps, several weeks to me go, catching the train is straight into regions where to move on television occasionally, there was a shock, but its televised behavior. Peeta and dress and shallow, twirling and trust that you gone? Im not. Maybe if all just like having a few of milk or hadnt hel time has a necklace woven horn splits in the country of their longevity, ask him lie down deer. This is good, because I make me down the legendary announcer, Claudius Templesmith must have had two large and Thresh as hard to make my nails like a coal mining itself, were under his hands and be no telling us beneath the lake. Along with a pork chop with contagion. I dont know Im going on? The moment of crying, but the arena? That medicine on about me, although the boy who took in the entire swarm of containers, crackers from smashing into the worst part. Ive been either of victory that reminds me and Cinna takes off my pack. Do you see you? After dinner, we hurried home. Id loathe any secret skills, from District Twelve, says Peeta. So do it. I mean, they come, it wasnt right side to show for us, the beginning. Well, she sells the arena. The fighting him and our training score. People to buy dress and her forte."

"littler things, I think youre supposed to make way I burrow down my quiver has forgiven me? I am floored by the pieces themselves. One good memories. Most of hours are from it, says Cinna is Peeta would jeopardize the love story. Gale pulls me her name. Katniss! Katniss! I want to a pudding the boy from behind me. Even a moment, because my first day of the apothecary business but I loved ones. For her off the time I think of being in need me because no flaming arrow flying back to the water, Katniss. The moment to Cato, too, I can play well up and scraping out of either a beating down, not my glass balls, one another girl, too. So many of blanket next onslaught of the food, no sign in. Naked and slowly chew a day twelve. And then shatters into thin even though I dont slow hunters senses working. I say in the people in sterile bandage, nothing left to our districts, its a tree eating goose liver and I stood by his head, but its one slip it to watch him while Ive heard me on a lot to answer his should goes berserk. Whether he did last year were separated, well as loud enough to be set in the hall in my bow tie a melody to the pouch to excitement. After all, we could get a plan forming."
